___
### Pre Session
- Around midnight in the [[Trollskull Manor]], while [[P'mis]] peacefully sleeps, a dark figure sneaks into the manor and with a swift swipe of their weapon kills P'mis in their sleep.
- [[Shoa]] already injured and recovering, no one knew about the death of P'mis.
- As P'mis's soul ascends to the heavens he sees a great palace with dragons carved into its walls and encounters a majestic dragon who tells P'mis that its not his time yet, and that he must go back.
- P'mis confused tells the dragon, he doesn't know how to go back.
___
- In the morning [[Clanger Agundar]] goes the parliament to perform his duties and finds out about the proposal of [[Waterdeep Anti Corruption Agency (WACA)]] being discussed today, and enthusiastically votes for the agency to be implemented and applies to be a member of the agency.
- After the parliament, ends Clanger goes to the [[Trollskull Manor]], he talks to [[Shoa]] and asks how he is recovering and inquires about where [[P'mis]] is, Shoa replies that he hasn't seen P'mis all day, and thus Clanger goes to check on [[P'mis]] to find him dead in his bed.
- Clanger rushes to the [[Order of the Gauntlet]] with P'mis's dead body and asks for help, the members seeing a lifeless [[P'mis]] rush for help and try to revive him.
- With the combined efforts of the order, P'mis is revived, and comes to his sense, he feels very weak and shocked on the prospect of being assassinated while in his sleep, even after getting special security against this exact threat.
- P'mis very disheartened by the sub standard services provided by the [[Order of the Gauntlet]] decides to investigate the order and finds the presence of a fiend within the main temple of the order.
- Collecting other Paladins of the order and asking them to use their divine sense reveals the devil in the order who is promptly defeated. P'mis realized devils have infiltrated the order and are posing as members, and he along with the paladins start cleansing the temple and end up fighting many more devils.
- Eventually when [[Savra]] returns it is quickly sense by the paladins that she too has been replaced, the Paladins quickly capture the devil who is taken to the underground dungeons of the temple where along with [[Bob the Wizard]]'s powers, the devil is interrogated.
- The devil's true name thus gets revealed by Bob being [[Rakasha Izmail]] and also the fact that [[Savra]] has been captured and is currently in the [[The Crimson Forest]] being transported to hell.
- Bob is also able to detect a potential base of operations of the [[The Phantom of Waterdeep]] in the [[Sea Ward]] described as blue roof, brownish planks, big windows to the sea, big garden, and, a big grey dog.
- Discerning that rescuing [[Savra]] takes priority over investigation of the house, [[P'mis]] and [[Clanger Agundar]] leave for [[The Crimson Forest]].
- Knowing that the Crimson Forest is a very hard place to navigate, the duo asks the order if any help can be provided. The order presents them with [[The Platinum Kobold]], it radiates holy light which can nullify the effects of the illusions of the forest and can also be used as a weapon to some degree, P'mis is able to discern that this artifacts belongs to the Church of [[Bahamut]] but decides its safer in the [[Order of the Gauntlet]] compared to the small church of [[Bahamut]] in the city.
- Upon entering the forest this time, a Voice echoes and speaks to them, First it asks P'mis to introduce himself, upon doing so it lets P'mis pass and states the name of P'mis's birth parents and his adoptive mentor. Having no way to confirm the name of his birth parents P'mis doesn't pay the voice any mind and continues.
- When Clanger passes through and is asked them same question, Clanger expecting the voice to be some kind of illusion being used by a fiend or cultist, does not answer and is rude to the voice which leads the sudden appearance of a few cultists and a orc who are swiftly defeated.
- The voice continues after the defeat of the cultists which confuses Clanger. Clanger tries to talk to voice but it doesn't reply back. Clanger repeats the phrase "Who are you?" in all the languages he knows.
	- When spoken in *Infernal* the voice replies "BLASPHEMY".
	- When spoken in *Giant* the voice replies "The one giant to rule them all".
- Clanger then asked how was he related to the cultists and why did he harbor them in the forest, to which the voice replied that it is the cultists and it is the forest.
- Clanger finally convinced that it wasn't an illusion and that he was talking to a power being, he asked the voice where he could find the source, and where he could talk to the person behind the voice.
- The replied that it will find them and took the name of Clanger's real father which is apparently [[Ringer]] and his adopted father.
- As soon as he heard the name of the name of his real father, even though he didn't know that name, something clicked in his head and Clanger shrieked "You are Ragnar!".
- Upon realizing he was talking to [[Ragnar the BloodEagle]] all along, Clanger and P'mis decided to run into the forest and find Savra as soon as possible.
- Going deeper, the duo again came across the same cultist camp where [[Dragur Moon]] was first found with the portal to hell open in the hell fire and a devil coming out of the portal, two cultists about the hand over a tied up and defeated [[Savra]] over to the devil.
- [[P'mis]] quickly uses [[The Platinum Kobold]] to stop the devil and a fight ensues which ends in the victory of the duo who free [[Savra]] and heal her.
- [[Savra]] tells them that she was tricked and defeated and that the portal while may use hell as a path, may not actually lead to hell, Clanger decides along with Dragur to quickly put Dragur through the flames to see if he can find any clues.
- Upon doing so Dragur says he only sees a normal empty wooden room and no immediate threats. The duo but decides to escort Savra back to the order before continuing their investigation.
- Upon reaching back P'mis reports to [[Savra]] about the details of what they have done so far and eliminated all the imposter devils in the temple, and how P'mis was provided fake security by the Devils and then assassinated by them.
- Savra assures P'mis that she will do whatever possible to keep P'mis safe and allows him to stay in the temple while he finds better accommodation. Savra also reveals that they cannot do a mass sweep of the city due to lack of funds as they are charged 90% income tax on donations.
- Clanger and P'mis are very surprised by this and Clanger assures Savra he will try to bring the tax down for the order. P'mis expresses his urge to make a pocket dimension for himself following the events of his assassination. Savra tells him that she will see what she can do with her contacts.
- Finally the duo decides to head to the [[Sea Ward]] to try and find the house which Bob detected in the devils thoughts, after searching for a while a house that matches the description exactly is found, Clanger detects that this house is the Gralhund Family's manor which is a very old noble family of [[Waterdeep]]. The current head of the house [[Gary Gralhund]] is a MP from [[The Crimson Shield]].
- Deciding that breaking into the house of a noble without permission can be problematic, the duo decides to conduct light searches around the manor's garden to find anything suspicious.
- Suddenly a ghost appears in front of them who introduces himself as the gardener of the mansion who was made immortal by the members of the house and serves them in his ghostly form.
- The ghost didn't have much info regarding the involvement of the house with Cultists or devils and the duo decided to leave the house for now and look for permission to investigate it.

