___
### Pre Session

- [[Clanger Agundar]] has been requested by [[Julius Margaster]] to investigate a murder that happened at the [[Trollskull Manor]] via a letter delivered to his office.
- The murder seems to be associated with [[The Phantom of Waterdeep]].
- [[Shoa]] was informed by some rats that [[Lady Evelyne Blackthorne]] is looking for brave adventures for some quest and is willing to pay good money and thus went meet her.
- [[P'mis]] was ordered by the [[Order of the Gauntlet]] to assist [[Lady Evelyne Blackthorne]] and thus went to meet her at the [[The Yawning Portal Inn]].
___
### Session Starts

- [[P'mis]] and [[Shoa]] arrive at the tavern and meet each other. They talk to various other people present at the tavern and are informed by the barkeeper that the child present there is a high level adventurer who survived the dungeon.
- [[Shoa]] approaches a patron and asks him if he is a twin, the guy responds with "Yes, and there can only be one" and jumps into the Yawning Portal. The kid looks into the portal to see what happend.
- In a hurry to save the man, [[Shoa]] pushes the kid into the portal too citing the fact that if the kid survived the dungeon, he can do it again and save the man. [[Shoa]] says the kid transformed into a dragon and started flying in the hole, but no one else other then him saw it.
- Thereafter they finally meet with [[Lady Evelyne Blackthorne]] who informs about the death threat she receive from [[The Phantom of Waterdeep]] and asks them to reveal her true identity.
- They also then met [[James]] who informed them about the murder that had recently happened at the [[Trollskull Manor]] that he owned. He hinted at the murder being associated with [[The Phantom of Waterdeep]] and said that he wanted to get rid of the property and would give them the deeds to the manor.
- [[P'mis]]
- [[Clanger Agundar]] arrives at the [[Trollskull Manor]] and hears weird voices coming from upstairs.
- The manor is in ruins with furniture broken and everything destroyed even the structure of the building is heavily damaged.
- Upstairs [[Clanger Agundar]] finds a Kobold Paladin and an Elven Druid being corned by guards.
- Clanger stop them guards and ask them to leave as I deduce they are also adventurers trying to capture the Phantom
- The adventures accuse Clanger of being the murderer citing the fact that his physical description matches the description of the person that they found on the crime scene and chased briefly before losing the person to the darkness of night and the guards catching them off-guard.
- The adventurers also produce a blackish feather as an evidence pointing towards Clanger, the feather doesn't match Clanger's texture but is very similar and points towards another Kenku being involved. Possibility of [[Zhentarim]] involvement.
- The adventurers also found a piece of a letter which matches the half torn letter Clanger has with him which was apparently partially pick pocketed from him at some point during his journey from his office to the manor.
- While the evidence did point towards Clanger, he was able to convince them temporarily and was allowed to investigate the matter with them.
- The victim was killed with a dagger in his throat, a letter P cold branded on his body.
- On further investigation of the Manor Clanger found a note with the text "Next target is [[Naal Reverem]]".
- Following the pattern of [[The Phantom of Waterdeep]] doing one murder per day, the party arrives at the conclusion that they have at least 12 more hours, to find and protect [[Naal Reverem]].
- Clanger was also informed by the adventurers whose names were [[P'mis]] and [[Shoa]] that a strange talking wall is present in the basement of the manor.
- Upon investigation it found that the wall was possessed by the ghost of [[Lif]] the victim and the previous owner of the manor who had just sold it the day before who we had found dead in the manor, he was not ready to talk and didn't provide much info and was just wanted to be left alone.
- The party revisited [[The Yawning Portal Inn]] to talk to the current owner of the manor named [[James]], when talking to him he said he hasn't visited the manor since the incident, he strangely doesn't remember how he found out about the incident, but he did report it to the guards and wanted to get rid of the property and gave it to [[P'mis]] and [[Shoa]] who are now the new owners of Trollskull manor.
- [[P'mis]] talked to [[Lady Evelyne Blackthorne]] who was also still present in the tavern about any other information she might have regarding the Phantom but no notable information could be extracted.
- Shortly after Clanger finished interrogating [[James]] he jumped in the Yawning Portal for unknown reasons.
- Asking around at the inn led to the inn keeper informing the party that [[Naal Reverem]] was a regular at the inn and lives somewhere in the [[Dock Ward]].
- Clanger also discovered the Inn had been robbed and a lot of good from the storage were missing, he couldn't find any clues on further investigation.
- After asking around the party finally tracked [[Naal Reverem]] down to a hotel in [[Dock Ward]], They explained him the situation and offered to escort him to Clanger's office where the party can keep him safe.
- During the escort a dark and lean figured person leaped from one of the roofs and slit [[Naal Reverem]]'s Throat and disappeared back into the roofs before any of the party members could do anything even while being on active lookout for danger, while [[P'mis]] and [[Shoa]] were able to get a hit in, no proper damage seemed to be inflicted on him, the weapon of choice of the murderer this time was a short sword.
- Another note was found on the body with the text being "Next Victim is [[Theriastis Lucan]]".
- The party decided that the killer was too fast to be caught by normal means and magic's involvement was required. The party reached Clanger's office to further discuss their strategy and decided to reach out to an organization that can help them with magic. Clanger also wrote a letter to [[Julius Margaster]] explaining him the details of the investigation so far.
- [[P'mis]] being a part of the [[Order of the Gauntlet]] led the to their City HQ and asked an acquainted cleric to cast *Scrying* on the feather found on Lif's body in the [[Trollskull Manor]].
- The spell worked and showed the party a  dark room with many hooded men appreciating the efforts of the killer, pointing towards the killer not being the Phantom himself and being part of a bigger organization conducting these murders under the guise of [[The Phantom of Waterdeep]]. The figures seemed to be speaking Giant which fortunately was a language that [[P'mis]] was fluent in.
- Continued spying on the killer revealed him travelling at high speeds to a ruined manor and killing an old man that was present in the ruins with a mace as the murder weapon for some reason.
- [[Clanger Agundar]] suggested talking to [[Silas the Shadowblade]], which he referred to as his mentor, who might have a clue due to his background as a thief.
- After consulting with [[Silas the Shadowblade]] the party came to the conclusion that the ruined manor had to be the [[Alteka Family]]'s Manor. After reaching their this was confirmed and the body was found. No note was found on this body this time. But a old Stoney key was found by [[Shoa]].
- A random chicken was interrogated by [[Shoa]] using a Speak with Animals spell who pointed the party towards the direction of the [[City of the Dead]].
- The guards to the [[City of the Dead]] did not allow the party inside citing the requirement of official permission.
- The party decided to rest for the day and on going to the [[Trollskull Manor]]. 
- Here the party found out the body of [[Lif]] was gone. Upon asking his ghost, he said that people donning black armor entered the manor and took the body, also cleaning the crime scene thoroughly.
- Finally, [[Clanger Agundar]] left for his office to spend the night, while [[P'mis]] and [[Shoa]] decided to clean up the manor and buy new furniture the next day. [[P'mis]] decided to spend the night at his usual bed at the [[Order of the Gauntlet]] and [[Shoa]] decided to find a comfy tree to settle in around the manor.
---
### Post Session

- The following morning [[P'mis]] was approached by a paladin of the order and was informed that he was approaching the age of maturity for a kobold and thus cannot use [[Order of the Gauntlet]] headquarters as his housing any more. A new orphan had been found to be trained after he leaves.
- [[P'mis]] agreed with the fact and was ready to leave being the new owner of [[Trollskull Manor]], he asked the order for help with cleaning and fixing the manor.
- [[P'mis]] was given money to buy new furniture for the manor and was also allowed to eat on the order's tab at the tavern.
- The furniture was bought and a lot of structure was fixed using the *Mending Cantrip*.
- Now running low on money [[Shoa]] decided to ask fishes using *Speak with Animals* to bring up some oysters to harvest pearls from.
- [[P'mis]] and [[Shoa]] decided to split the 2nd and 3rd floor of the [[Trollskull Manor]] respectively among themselves, with the 4th floor being used by Shoa for renting purposes and the 1st floor being used as a community area for the needy.
- After a while [[Lady Evelyne Blackthorne]] arrive at the manor and is greeted by [[Shoa]]. She gives him the payment for the earlier assignment and also inform him that she is suspicious of [[James]] who acted very weirdly about the murder and then randomly jumped in the Yawning Portal.