___
### Pre Session

- [[Clanger Agundar]] receives the letter back from [[Julius Margaster]] who informs him about an smuggling ring with the name [[Black Hand]] has started operating out of the [[Dock Ward]].
- Julius wants Clanger to investigate the matter as the ring may also be related to [[The Phantom of Waterdeep]].
- Julius has arranged for Clanger to meet a trusted informant by the name of [[Whisper]] at the [[Drunken Wyrm Tavern]] located in the heart of [[Dock Ward]].
___
### Session Starts

- [[P'mis]] and [[Shoa]] come visit the [[Clanger Agundar]]'s office after a long night's rest to continue discussion on their plans regarding the Phantom.
- Clanger informs them of the letter from Julius and the presence of the smuggling ring, [[Black Hand]].
- The party considering all the leads decided that the key pointing towards the [[City of the Dead]], is a better lead at the moment and decided on seeking permission to enter it.
- Clanger decided to go to the [[Parliament]] to attend to his daily duties and use his connections in the government to get permission to enter the [[City of the Dead]].
- [[P'mis]] and [[Shoa]] decided to go to the [[Order of the Gauntlet]] and seek permission from the order master. They were successful in doing so with the warning that the permission is only for day time as the area is too dangerous in night time.
- After this the events of [[Session-1 (2024-07-18)]]'s post session occur with [[P'mis]] and [[Shoa]].
- Meanwhile in the [[Parliament]], The day's first law is presented on the ban of sale of fish on Sundays within the city citing rising fish prices and doing so will make the fish cheaper on remaining days.
- Clanger and [[The Dawn of Freedom Party]] along with its allies strongly opposed the bill, with Clanger giving a very influential speech but the law was passed with a very close vote.
- Secondly, the DoF party proposed a bill with many tax reforms with [[Julius Margaster]] in the lead and Clanger supporting him during his proposal, The Bill was voted into a deadlock of 50/50 and is under further scrutiny.
- Post the parliament session, Clanger talked to Julius about the permission for investigating the [[City of the Dead]]. Julius was able to procure the permission for Clanger, but with the same warning of not entering at night.
- Clanger also inquires about any other leads or clues that Julius might have gotten related to the Phantom to which Julius replies that he is still in the process of getting more clues and doing his best.
- To avoid entering at night, the party decided to go to the [[City of the Dead]] early in the morning next day.
- Upon inspection of the city, the key found at the [[Theriastis Lucan]]'s body matched with a certain tomb, which was identified by [[Clanger Agundar]] as the Tomb of [[Deepwinter]], an evil vampire lord that once ruled the city of [[Waterdeep]].
- After the party carefully checked the tomb, a secret set of stairs was discovered under the main crypt containing the body of [[Deepwinter]] and a Sword, which was discerned to be cursed.
- The stairs led astonishingly deep and long and finally opened in a deep underground chamber with lit torches.
- On further investigation two cultists were found with some kind of ritual circle built into the ground, after the party defeated them and inquired about their purpose, they died as if a curse stopped them from answering. It seems like they were trying to resurrect [[Deepwinter]] for some odd reason.
- Going deeper into the chambers, the party found even more cultists, who were worshiping some sort of altar, the cultists were promptly defeated and the rest surrendered, the party knocked out the remaining cultists and inspected the altar for further clues.
- The altar contained a [[Pipes of the Sewers]], a magical item which Shoa was instantly able to use to summon a swarm of rats who informed the party that they had seen a black hooded person going in and out of the Magic circle in the earlier room.
- The party thereafter contacted the guards and handed over the dead bodies and the captures cultists, during the handover all but one cultist seemed to starting talking about the Phantom and as a result died, the one remaining cultist was gagged to prevent him from dying before he can be interrogated.
- After making sure the surviving cultist is held safely, the party decides to look for a wizard who can help them uncover the meaning of the magic circle and maybe even activate it.
- [[P'mis]] and [[Shoa]] decided to go the [[Order of the Gauntlet]] to look for a wizard while [[Clanger Agundar]] went to the [[Sea Ward]] upon receiving the news of the 4th murder by the guards, they decided to meet at the Gates of the [[City of the Dead]] after their work.
- Upon reaching the murder scene Clanger was informed by the guards that the [[Squirellnut Family]] does not want an investigation as they believe no amount of investigation is going to capture the Phantom and wants to be left alone to mourn.
- Still determined, Clanger managed to console the family and was given the permission to investigate the scene, the victim laid dead on their bed with a short sword wound to the throat, and strangely without any P symbol or notes, a Strange Magic circle was carved into the chest of the victim this time.
- Clanger copied the symbol for further investigation and upon finding no further clues took his leave after giving his condolences to the family and ensuring them that he will find the Phantom.
- On the other hand, P'mis and Shoa were able to procure a talented Wizard named [[Bob the Wizard]] from the order and reached the [[City of the Dead]].
- Clanger showed Bob the magic circle he had copied from the fourth victim, Bob was able to discern it was related to necromancy but too ancient to be properly interpreted.
- The party along with Bob head backs to the tomb where Bob identifies the magic circle in the ground as teleportation spell. The party decides to send a rat through the portal and cast *Scrying* on the rat to check out the premise.
- The rats runs around with no immediate signs of danger, and finds some cheese, while eating it the rat is killed by a cat.
- The wizard stops the party from entering the portal by themselves as it can be very dangerous, The party decides to get help from the  [[Order of the Gauntlet]] who send 5 Paladins to help out with the case.
- The 5 paladins namely [[Brutus]], [[Faustus]], [[Egnatius]], [[Manius]], and, [[Servius]] who were all trained by [[Sir Quintilian]] himself, along with the party went through the summoning circle to discover a Cult Hideout.
- The battle ensued with the paladins fighting most of the cultists while the party fought a leader cultist who had just finished performing a ritual which allowed him to take his beating heart out of his body and still stay alive.
- After defeating the cultists, the team explored the temple to find strange cursed crystals everywhere along with a Magic Circle, Which was identified to be belonging to [[Ragnar the BloodEagle]].
- After finding out that the temple belonged to an Evil god, [[P'mis]]urged the paladins to purify the temple, after doing do, the temple started collapsing and everyone escaped back from the teleportation circle.
- After getting out the party heard news that some building had collapsed in the [[North Ward]] area, thus the temple was located underground in the North Ward.
- The party then along with the paladins, went back to the order to report on the their findings, and handover the knocked out lead cultist, his still beating heart and the notes recovered from the temple.
- For his efforts and loyalty to the [[Order of the Gauntlet]], [[P'mis]]'s sword was blessed by [[Bahamut]], God of Justice and Nobility and turned into a Sacred weapon which P'mis named [[Bahamut's Fang]].
- After this, The party visited to City Guard HQ to talk to the cultist they had initially captured and gagged to stop him from talking about the Phantom and dying.
- They were accompanied by [[Bob the Wizard]] who used both *Greater Restoration* and *Remove Curse* on the cultist to make sure he can freely be interrogated.
- The cultist surprised after not dying when uttering the Phantom's name still declined from cooperating but was finally convinced and calmed by the party.
- He introduced himself as [[Tad McAllister]], who confirmed the parties theory of there, being multiple Phantoms, with one being assigned to each ward, but they move and complete missions in other wards when needed. They all use different weapons.
- All Cultists are also made to swear on Oath to [[Ragnar the BloodEagle]] that prevents them from talking about the Phantoms. The cultists are directly managed by the Phantom of their wards. The cultists goal is resurrect the Vampire Lord [[Deepwinter]].
- There is a council separate from the Phantom that is even above the Phantoms and assigns work to them.
- While this organization which seems to not have a name, or none that the cultist knew off, it does collaborate with both the [[Black Hand]] and the [[Zhentarim]] but very seldom and scarcely.
- The cultist also confirmed that the Phantom he works for is assigned the [[North Ward]] and uses a dagger as their weapon of choice which collaborates with the first murder of [[Lif]] in the [[Trollskull Manor]] located in the [[North Ward]].
- The party while now has much more information about the evil lurking in the shadows of the street, its once again ran dry of any possible leads to the Phantom or the Cult.
---
### Post Session

- [[Shoa]] decides to go outside the city of [[Waterdeep]] to collect some wood to make furniture with. Outside the forest he encounters a forester who informs him that he needs a Woodcutting License in order to cut trees in the forest.
- The forester also offers Shoa a deal where if Shoa gives the forester 50 GP, the forester will give Shoa a lifetime access to his private forest for woodcutting, or alternatively Shoa could go the [[Woodcutting Guild]] for a license.
- Shoa finds the person suspicious and decides to go to the [[Woodcutting Guild]], where he signs up with the guild and also buys necessary equipment for the project.
- Shoa cuts 29 trees and makes 20 Chairs and 8 Tables, and goes back to the guild to sell his items, and brings some of the items back to the [[Trollskull Manor]] to be used in the tavern area on the first floor.
- Finally [[P'mis]] and [[Shoa]] finish the repair and renovations of the manor and start looking for people to hire for the tavern.