___
### Session Starts

- [[Julius Margaster]] approaches [[P'mis]] in the morning who is currently staying at the temple of the [[Order of the Gauntlet]], Julius tells [[P'mis]] that Julius knows a wizard who can help [[P'mis]] build a pocket dimension for him.
- [[P'mis]] excited by this news leaves to meet the wizard, on his way he picks up [[Clanger Agundar]] from his office too. Both of them reach a tall tower, P'mis knocks on the door.
- A paper and a pen comes out of the bottom of the door. it says to state our names and hat business we had. Upon doing so, the door opens and the duo is let in to find a great set of stairs being guarded by animated suits or armor who move aside to let them pass.
- Going through the various floors of the majestic tower, the duo encounter messy libraries, cooking areas, mystical books and magic circles, and even a aviary with a talking raven.
- Finally at the top of the tower they encounter an old wizard named [[Aelorian the Red]], who tells [[P'mis]] that he definitely help in making his wish of making the pocket dimension come true, but he is currently concentrating on a very powerful magic and cannot cast other magic.
- Upon interrogation Aelorian tells the duo that a very powerful devil is sealed in [[The Green Marsh]] area near the tower and some cultists are trying to revive him, to complete the resurrection three artifacts are needed along with the true name of the devil.
- If the artifacts can be collected by the duo before the cultists within 24 hours, they can be destroyed sealing the devil forever. The duo agreeing to help the wizard for the sake of their beloved city are given the location of the relics.
	- Inside a Ruined Wizard tower in the marshes.
	- Below an old castle in the marshes.
	- In the marshes itself.
- With the information at hand the duo leaves to search the marshes themselves for the first artifact. Before leaving Aelorian asks if the duo needed anything that could help them, to which [[Clanger Agundar]] asks if a Cloak of Invisibility can be arranged for him.
- Aelorian tells Clanger that while he does have a cloak its somewhat broken and does not work every time but if Clanger wants it he can have it. Clanger taking the wizard upon his offer takes [[The Glitched Cloak of Invisibility]].
- Upon arriving at [[The Green Marsh]], Clanger decides to activate his cloak and scout ahead of P'mis to check for potential dangers. When crossing a particular creek by jumping on top a log, Clanger realizes that the log was actually a crocodile, but as Clanger is invisible, the crocodile is confused, Clanger uses this to escape from its view.
- Continuing to explore Clanger slips and falls into the water when crossing a creek and is unable to escape, he tried to throw a rope in the hope it catches a rock or tree, but its to no avail.
- Suddenly a unicorn appears and grabs the rope and pulls out Clanger, the unicorn also tell Clanger that he saw some people hiding a artifact in the marsh, the unicorn doesn't know the exact location, of the artifact but says its stored in something very hard.
- Thanking the unicorn, Clanger circles back to P'mis and tells him the details. The duo then proceed to explore the marsh on their own and see the crocodile that Clanger encountered, the creature seems to be glowing red and very agitated.
- The duo decides to approach the creature, who seems be infused with magical energy and can talk, deciding to not cause any unnecessary harm to creature, they decide to talk to it and find out he had eaten a weird looking object and has pain in its stomach.
- The crocodile allowed them to try and get the object out of his body, which Dragur is successfully able to do. As soon as the object comes out of the crocodile, it loses his red glow and the ability to talk and rushes back into the water.
- The artifact is picked up by Clanger and put into his [[Bag of Holding]], [[Dragur Moon]] confirms that while the artifact is very evil its not cursed.
- The duo moves on the Castle and finds the ruins of a long abandoned building with a small camp that seems like it was being used just recently, human bones which are very old seem to be scattered around the camp.
- Going deeper revealed to the party a large whole going into an underground mine system partially filled with water, the mines had precious gem stones and even radioactive materials. The duo gathered some gems to take with them.
- Further inside, Clanger finds a cave with mangled bodies killed by some sort of wild animals, along with artifacts belonging to the Church of [[Bahamut]], indicating these people belonged to the church.
- Meanwhile, P'mis hears a strange voice who tells him to get out of this cave, P'mis tells the voice that they are looking for an artifact, which if they don't recover, the entire marsh could be in trouble.
- The voice not caring about anything scoffs at P'mis, Clanger comes back and tells P'mis about the remains he found and how whoever the creature is needs to be dealt with.
- Clanger once again activating his cloak goes into action and a fight ensues, Before them stands a terrifying sea hag, who seems to be performing a ritual in her cauldron and trying summon something from it as a hand comes out of the cauldron.
- The duo attacks her mid ritual stopping the hand from coming out and defeat the sea hag, After defeating her they look around the room and find the other artifact in the cave like room.
- Clanger notices the half prying hand in the cauldron and decides to pull it out and to their surprise the person Clanger pulls out of the Cauldron is the kid that [[Shoa]] pushed in the Yawning Portal at [[The Yawning Portal Inn]]. The kid said he had again went thought the dungeon but was captured by Zariel and taken back to hell.
- After escaping hell he got trapped by this sea hag and was no finally free, he thanked the duo and left for the city of [[Waterdeep]] with revenge in his eyes.
- The duo making note of this and making sure they warn [[Shoa]] when they return, also descended back up and go their final destination being the old tower.
- As the duo carefully ascends the tower they come across 3 cultists sitting at the a table who in surprise act hostile towards the duo and ask them who they are.
- The duo recognizing the robes ask the cultist to surrender who insult and scoff them. Clanger asks the cultists about the Phantom who do not seem to know anything about [[The Phantom of Waterdeep]] and do not die after saying the word.
- These cultists are genuinely confused and do not know abut the existence of the plans going on in the city.
- But when the cultists refuse to give up a battle ensues which while a bit challenging for the duo the use of spells like *hold person* by the cultists ends with 1 of the cultist dead and the 2 surrendering.
- A cultist says to Clanger that if he spares him, the Cultist can make Clanger immortal, Clanger laughs at his proposition.
- The surrendered cultists are tied and gagged, after exploring the tower Clanger finds a stone bust with the artifact embedded into it, Clanger decides to take the whole bust and put in into his [[Bag of Holding]].
- The duo also decides to take the cultist who said he could grant immortality along with them, reaching back to the tower just in time.
- The wizard teleports all of them to the ritual place where the devil is sealed and puts the three artifact into the slots. He performs a ritual which causes the artifacts to explode leaving behind three shiny gems with very high worth, The wizard gives the gems to the duo.
- After completing the ritual, everyone comes back to the tower, where [[Aelorian the Red]] says that he will reward both [[Clanger Agundar]] and [[P'mis]]. P'mis asks the wizard for a pocket dimension where he can stay, which the wizard upon discussion with P'mis creates for him.
- Meanwhile Clanger who was going through the books in the tower finds a collection of volume relating to politics and ask for them as a reward along with the cloak.
- The wizard also gives a lot of information to the duo regarding topics like [[Ragnar the BloodEagle]], [[Raven God Trope]], the [[Alteka Family]], and other topics.
- Before leaving, Clanger shows [[Dragur Moon]] who is now trapped in a stick to [[Aelorian the Red]] and ask him if his friend can be helped in someway.
- [[Aelorian the Red]] says that the magic used is very powerful and while his soul cannot be put into a humanoid body, it can be transferred to a small animal.
- Thus [[Dragur Moon]]'s soul is transferred into the body of a copy of a raven from the aviary in the tower.
- Finally the duo take their leave happy having defeated yet more evil and having being rewarded for it!
___
### Post Session

- P'mis having procured a safe haven for himself hits up a furniture shop to furnish his new home, the workers of the shop are amazed at the extra dimensional house and make the furniture that fits the theme.
- Clanger pays a visit to the [[Guild of Magic Weapons]] to meet up with [[Killian Morden]] again and ask about fixing the [[The Glitched Cloak of Invisibility]].
- Killian says while its possible, its going to be a very expensive task with 2000 GP to repair 75% and 30,000 GP to fully repair it. Understanding the need for money, Clanger decides to keep working and hopefully save up enough to repair the cloak.
- The next day during his parliamentary duty, Clanger is approached by a relatively new official from the [[Traditionalist Party]] who tries to bribe Clanger, being a member of the [[Waterdeep Anti Corruption Agency (WACA)]], Clanger promptly reports him, while there is some opposition from the [[Traditionalist Party]], the majority is in the favor of punishing the accused.
- Clanger is given bonds worth 2000 GP with a 5% per week interest rate.